[Darlene Love's "Christmas (Baby
Please Come Home)" playing]
-♪ Christmas ♪
-♪ The snow's comin' down ♪
-♪ I'm watchin' it fall ♪
-♪ Christmas ♪
-♪ Lots of people around ♪
-♪ Baby. please... ♪
Hollis: Henry. say hi.
Good boy.
♪ The church bells in town... ♪
Hollis: Merry Christmas.
Hungry with Hollis family.
it's my favorite time of year.
and I'm surrounded by cookies.
which is exactly
where I always wanna be.
You know me. I'm happiest
when I have someone to bake for.
And at Christmas time.
there's always something
in the oven.
Caramel apple pie
for my husband.
gingerbread for my daughter.
treats for the neighbors.
it never stops.
And I love it.
This month. I'll be sharing
one of my family's
favorite holiday recipes
each day.
starting with my candy cane
meringue kisses.
You will not believe
how easy these are.
I hope wherever you are.
you're cozy
and with your people.
[knocking on door]
Enjoy this special time
with your loved ones.
["Christmas (Baby Please
Come Home)" continues playing]
-Hi.
-Officer: Mrs. Shaw?
Yeah?
Your husband. Matthew.
was involved in an accident.
-No.
-[timer beeping]
Officer [fading]: Unfortunately.
he did not survive.
He was driving on Midland
and his vehicle struck a deer.
[timer beeping]
I have to... I have to...
One sec.
[gasps]
[timer beeping]
"Christmas (Baby Please
Come Home)" playing. muffled]
[heart monitor flatlines]
Chelsea: How're you feeling?
Are you ready?
-Hollis: Yeah.
-We don't have to do this.
I know we're here.
we've committed.
yeah. but I will call in a bomb
threat to get you out of this
-if it feels like too soon.
-I'm good.
-We got this.
-Okay.
Robin: Welcome back to the show.
My guest today is Hollis Shaw.
AKA Hungry with Hollis.
This is the very definition
of a self-made woman right here.
-Thank you.
-It all started out
as a small catering company
in Boston. and now. years later.
she has turned her love
of cooking for her family
into a thriving business.
-You have blown up so much...
-Oh.
Since the last time
we had you on.
You have millions of followers.
-a collab with Le Creuset...
-Mm-hm.
And her second cookbook.
Everyday Special
comes out this fall.
-There it is.
-Here it is.
-Hollis: Yeah.
-Robin: You can pre-order it now.
Well. let's do it.
What are we making today?
Okay. Well. we're gonna make
my roasted red onion dip.
It is so good.
-It's a family favorite.
-Okay.
Actually. my daughter's
about 30 percent this onion dip
because I ate so much of it
-when I was pregnant.
-I hear you.
-My kids are 30 percent bacon.
-[chuckling] Oh. my gosh.
[Chelsea laughs] Hollis:
If you'll drizzle with olive oil.
-Sure.
-Sprinkle with sea salt.
-Mm-hm.
-And with chopped rosemary.
These are gonna go
into a 400-degree oven
for 20. 25 minutes
until they're nice and tender.
and here's what
they'll look like.
Oh. beautiful.
It smells incredible in here.
-Hollis: Yeah. It's so simple.
-Robin: Okay.
-Here.
-Okay. wait. is it true
you made your first
chicken pot pie
-when you were only 8 years old?
-I did.
Well. it was just my dad
and me growing up.
-Okay.
-So I took charge of dinner.
-You grew up in Nantucket. is that right?
-Yes.
-Is it so beautiful there?
-So beautiful. I'm so lucky.
-Okay.
You're gonna chop up
your red onions.
I have to ask you. how can you
cut these onions without crying?
Well. my husband just died.
so I can't do anything
without crying.
[exhales sharply]
[melancholy theme playing]
Oh.
-Hollis: Sorry.
-Robin: No. no.
I know what a difficult time you
and your family have had.
-So dumb.
-It's been really diff... Okay.
And we'll be back
right after this.
-[crying] I'm sorry.
-It's okay.
Chelsea:
Hey. so you cried. That's fine.
Female vulnerability. hello?
It's endearing
and it's powerful.
I don't feel very powerful.
Hey. why don't you do something.
you know?
Have some friends over.
plan something.
-You love to make plans.
-Oh. I do.
-I do love to make plans.
-Hey. you know what?
My mom's friend. Linda.
her husband of like
40 years passed away
and she did
this really cute thing.
She had a Girls' Weekend
where she invited
one friend
from each phase of her life.
That sounds great for Linda.
Okay. Okay. well. you do have an
entire summer house on Nantucket
just. like. sitting there.
I don't think I'm ready
to be around people.
-People that I know.
-Well. just...
I dunno. think about it.
maybe for me?
-Yeah.
-You're gonna get through this.
-Just call your friends. Hollis.
-Yeah.
[dramatic theme playing]
[whistle blows]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[phone chimes]
After the interview.
I think we should
just bang out
your product reels for the week.
And don't give me attitude.
this is why you pay me
10 percent.
We owe Gatorade
a protein cookie.
and the fitness skorts
with the. uh. the pockets.
-Mm-hm.
-Are you listening. Posey?
I'm sorry. Sorry. it's Maddox.
Mm. Of course it is.
How is my favorite benchwarmer?
Actually. he might
get to play this weekend.
Could be his big NBA moment.
Yeah. well.
you have a big moment.
Don't make this
about your boyfriend.
Posey! Do you have a minute?
-Posey: Yeah.
-[record button beeps]
Angel City is on track
to win its
third straight championship.
You could lead them
to the first ever
three-peat in women's soccer.
-How does it feel?
-You know. I'm exhausted.
so I talked to coach
about sitting out the next game.
-What?
-I just need a break.
Posey takes her
contractual obligations
-very seriously.
-I do. but I just need a...
This is not the time. Posey.
She is going to suck it up
and play. Thank you.
[doorbell rings]
[dogs barking]
-Thank you.
-No problem.
-Brooke: Bye.
-Have a good one.
Okay. [sighs]
["Little Bitty Pretty One"
playing]
[grunting]
Oh! It's my capsule wardrobe.
[chuckles]
Okay.
Mm... Ow!
♪ Little bitty. pretty one ♪
♪ C'mon and talk to me ♪
♪ Lovely. lovely. lovely one ♪
♪ Come sit down on my knee ♪
♪ Mm-mm-mm. mm-mm-mm-mm-mm ♪
♪ Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm... ♪
[sighs] Why do I even try?
Dr. Ramiro:
I'm sorry if my hands are cold.
That's okay. I'm always cold.
Cold and bitter. salty and sour.
So it's a very small incision.
Should heal quickly.
I remember when my mom had hers.
We thought it was nothing
and then nine weeks later.
she was gone.
One step at a time. Tatum.
You are not your mother.
I beg to differ.
[dramatic theme playing]
[sighs]
-[buttons beeping]
-[phone buzzing]
Announcer: It's not complicated.
Ten singles. one luxury villa
and absolutely zero...
-Hey. Mom.
-Oh. goose!
I didn't think
you'd pick up. hi.
I was just checking on you.
What are you having for lunch?
An endive salad with poached
Alaskan cod and roasted pepitas.
Hollis:
Creamy chicken ramen. huh?
Caroline: Have you been eating
actual food
or are you eating mustard
from a jar like a raccoon?
-Hollis: You know me so well.
-[chuckles]
So I'm thinking about going
to Nantucket for the weekend.
It'd be really nice
if-if-if we went together.
I don't know. Mom. I-I'm really
busy right now with school.
Hey. sweetie. you know what?
I keep trying to
leave you a voicemail
and it's always full.
-Do you wanna delete some so...
-I can't.
They're all from Dad.
Yeah. well.
-Dad loved a voicemail.
-Yeah.
I have to go.
I have to get to class.
I have this biology final. so.
Okay.
I'll talk to you soon.
I'm here if you need me.
-I love you. goose.
-Love you too.
[phone beeps]
Let's get outta here.
Come on. buddy.
[IKYK's "Ogi" playing]
Let's go. come on.
♪ Mmm... ♪
♪ Brother
I see your heavy load ♪
Get in.
♪ Brother
I see your heavy load ♪
Call Chelsea.
[line trilling]
Hey. you've reached Chelsea.
leave a message.
-[voicemail beeps]
-Hi. Chelsea. it's me.
What was the phases-
of-life-friends thing again?
I think I'm gonna do it
this weekend.
On Nantucket. Okay. Henry and I
are heading there now.
[horn blasting]
Maybe there could be five of us.
Like a weekend
of five-star treatment?
It'll be good.
I'll feel like myself again.
whoever that is.
Okay. call me back.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Jungle's
"Let's Go Back" playing]
♪ Let's go Let's go back ♪
♪ You know I need you here ♪
-♪ Let's go back ♪
-♪ Darling ♪
♪ When you let go
I can't go back ♪
♪ You know I need you here ♪
-♪ Let's go back ♪
-♪ I guess ♪
♪ We'll never let go ♪
♪ Let's go back ♪
♪ You know I need you here ♪
-♪ Let's go back ♪
-♪ Darling ♪
-♪ When the lights go ♪
-♪ Let's go there ♪
-♪ You know I need you here ♪
-♪ Let's go back ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Why won't you
Give me some love now? ♪
♪ Why won't you give me it
Babe? ♪
♪ Why won't you give me
Some of your time? ♪
♪ Why won't you give it away? ♪
[singer vocalizing]
[phone ringing]
[sighs through teeth]
Hi! You called. I answered.
Dru-Ann:
Look at us! I got your message.
Did you mean "this"
this weekend?
Hollis: Yes! Are you free?
I know you're never free.
Ugh! I know. Posey has a huge
playoff game this weekend.
-Mm. Wait. Are you doing okay?
-Yeah!
I just. I need
to do something fun.
So. am I your fun friend?
You are my college friend
who knew fun-drunk Hollis.
so I think I need your help
finding her again.
Dru-Ann: I love drunk Hollis!
So. is this a party
or an identity crisis?
Hollis: My friend. it is both.
So I think I'm gonna invite you
and Tatum...
That woman does not like me. remember?
Hollis: Of course she likes you.
Dru-Ann [scoffs]:
Well. I don't wanna see
how she treats people she hates.
[phone chimes]
[dramatic theme playing]
Hollis [recorded]: Hey. sis.
Sorry I've been out of touch.
It's been too long.
So I'm on island.
and I was hoping you'd come
to my house this weekend
for a-a girls' weekend thing...
[scoffing] Girls' weekend?
Jesus. kill me.
I'm kidding.
[phone dings]
[gasps]
Oh! Nantucket.
[message bloops]
I'm gonna need all new clothes.
[Henry barking]
-[line trilling]
-[phone ringing]
What are you doing?
We're about to push back.
-It's Hollis.
-No. no. no.
You fly the plane. remember?
Gigi...
-Hollis. you okay?
-Hi. sorry. Is this a bad time?
No. no. I'm just about
to casually levitate 300 people.
Well. you could've sent me
to voicemail.
It's all good. I'm here for you.
What's up?
I keep trying to feel okay.
but I'm not.
And I am trying.
I'm having some friends over
and I was hoping you'd come.
-Me?
-I just really need you here.
[inhales sharply]
Please.
Uh...
-I'll be there. okay?
-Yeah.
[The Cranberries'
"Dreams" playing]
[line beeping]
♪ Is changing everyday... ♪
Well. Henry.
we have all our stars.
It's gonna be great. right?
♪ ...like this before ♪
♪ Now I'm feeling it Even more ♪
♪ Because it came from you ♪
[singer vocalizing]
["Dreams" continues playing
over stereo]
[melancholy sting]
-["Dreams" fades]
-[melancholy theme playing]
[RAYE's "The Thrill Is Gone."
[playing]
♪ The thrill is gone
Thrill is gone ♪
♪ Thrill is gone ♪
♪ The thrill is gone
Thrill is gone ♪
♪ The thrill is over ♪
Hollis: Yeah.
So I'm cooking for us
Friday night.
and then Saturday I'll do
a whole brunch spread.
then do some shopping downtown.
I made a whole itinerary.
It was exhilarating.
I was up all night
thinking about flowers.
and color palettes.
and I think I haven't
slept in a day.
-Is... Is that good?
-Ooh. they have these giant.
beautiful blackberries
at Bartlett's.
I'm gonna do a tart.
Or a galette. maybe.
Yes! Do a tart. Do a tart.
And. you know.
maybe while you're at it.
you could make some things
from the new cookbook.
you know. get some pictures
for your socials.
and. yes.
I know that sounds gross
given what you're going
through...
I don't know. Chels.
I just was thinking this was...
something for my friends and me.
maybe. you know?
Look. I don't wanna
pressure you. Hollis.
But we pushed the book launch
as far as we could.
and it's a pivotal moment
for the company.
It's just a really
over saturated market right now.
and. you know. every day another
Hadid gets an air fryer
and decides they're a chef.
So and I hate asking this.
but I need you back out there.
Okay. listen. you're right.
I'll get some pictures.
Yeah? Great! Great. Yes.
Perfect. thank you.
Oh. I gotta go.
I gotta choose cheese.
It's very serious.
All right.
No. she's sitting out a game.
I would love to give you more.
Lisa. but that's our story.
[device buzzing]
No. thank you.
[knocking]
-[sighs]
-[earpiece beeps]
-Yes?
-Do you have a second?
Fuck. No.
So you've been canceled.
-[device stops buzzing]
-What?
Dru-Ann [recorded]:
Posey takes her contractual
obligations very seriously.
It's a lot of pressure.
I'm exhausted.
-I need a break.
-Suck it up and play.
[in slo-mo] Suck it up and play.
Well. shit.
The clip's everywhere.
My mother sent this to me
from assisted living.
-This is bad. Dru.
-Okay.
All right. well. look.
I said what I said.
I mean. just.
that's the relationship
that Posey and I have.
I push her to be better.
-Have you talked to her?
-No. Um...
No. Not... Not since yesterday.
You're gonna have to issue
one of those heartfelt...
-No. no. no.
-humble apologies.
-No. absolutely not.
-This is not up for discussion.
Wha... You... Come on. you know
how these kids are.
And yes. I feel too young
to be saying that.
but they're always looking
for some excuse to give up.
It's just poor work ethics
disguised as boundaries.
Come on.
back when I was playing?
What did we do? We played
through. no matter what.
Yes. No. look. I agree
with you in principle.
-Good. Good.
-But. Dru.
this looks really bad.
-They're calling you...
-[sighs]
a "mental health denier."
Now. we are all about
our athletes' mental health.
-That's ridiculous.
-We hosted a whole 5K about it.
-Didn't we?
-We did.
Okay. so. so. is
that what this is about?
-How this looks?
-Absolutely!
Look. Ju...
This is gonna blow over.
"Cancel Dru-Ann Jones"
is trending.
That's wonderful.
[sucks teeth]
Okay. look. Dru. Dru. come here.
come on. Come on.
-[sighs]
-Look. do me a favor.
-Take the week. okay? Right?
-Mm-hm...
-Lay low. Relax.
-[laughs] Oh!
Have many a cocktail
and we will see
where we are at on Monday.
-No. no. no. absolutely not.
-I'm not asking.
[scoffs]
Okay. You know what?
This is gonna pass
and you'll call me
when you realize it.
I'd love to.
That girls' weekend that
I was gonna cancel
on last-minute?
I'm going. You can book me
a first-class ticket
to Nantucket.
What even is Nantucket?
It's just a white person
clam island.
I'm sure he's been.
-What's your name again?
-Joaquin.
Walk away. Joaquin.
[door opens]
[imitating plane engine droning]
Here comes trouble.
-You're home early.
-Yeah.
we only played nine holes.
but what if we made it
an even 10?
Charlie. I'm busy.
I'm doing this.
Oh. Whoa!
What's all this?
You're not leaving me. are you?
Hollis invited me
on a girls' weekend.
To the 'Tuck. Nantucket.
I already packed.
I'm so excited.
But. babe. you can't go.
-Hmm?
-We have the deposition.
But that's on Tuesday.
And I'll be home on Monday.
We have the phone call to go
over stories with the lawyer.
I know the story
and the calendar.
-We went to dinner and a movie.
-Yeah.
I would just feel so much better
if you would not do that
and stay here.
She's my friend. She needs me.
I barely have any of those left.
But what about me?
-I'm your friend with benefits.
-[chuckles]
But seriously.
But please don't go.
I just do better
when I can hug you.
I have to go. I already RSVP'd.
And I got this hat!
[upbeat theme playing]
Kyle: "4:00 p.m. arrivals."
5:00 p.m. welcome cocktails."
Ooh.
There's a dress code?
Pink or orange?
Oh. come on. I can't believe
you're actually going to this.
This is when you show up.
She's my oldest friend
in the world.
and her husband freaking died.
Yeah. but you guys barely talk.
She's a total wash-ashore now.
Hey! You're not allowed
to talk shit on my friends.
-only I can do that.
-[Kyle chuckles]
And we don't have to talk
to be good. Hm.
I've known her my whole life.
We're good.
-Okay.
-You gonna be okay?
A whole three nights
away from each other.
-Kyle: Mm-hm.
-You gonna miss me?
-Uh... Pfft. Nope.
-[scoffs]
-What? I got stuff.
-[chuckling] Oh?
Yeah. I'm laying. uh.
the foundation at Eel Point.
And Jack's coming into town.
I wonder if he knows
Holly's single.
She's not single. she's a widow.
-Single.
-Will you guys stop being so sex positive.
-You're grandparents.
-Uh... And how did he happen?
-Immaculate conception?
-Um. we are out of wipes.
-We're out of wipes.
-Copy.
Hey. Aub. we're outta wipes.
Okay. I see. I will run out.
We're gonna go get wipes. Yeah!
What do you think about this
for Saturday morning.
-shopping in town?
-Kyle: Oh. no.
No. That is way too sexy
to be going outside in.
-Holly's gonna say it's salmon.
-Get over here. you big salmon.
[Kyle patting bed]
Mmm...
-Ow!
-Oh. sorry. Sorry.
-It's okay. It's okay.
-[Kyle sighs]
Doctor's calling
with the results on Monday?
Yeah. I mean. might be nothing.
It probably is nothing.
[baby crying nearby]
I thought she said
she was leaving.
-Gotta lock that door.
-[laughs]
♪ Baby. b-baby. b-baby
B-b-baby. would you ♪
♪ Would you make it All right? ♪
♪ Mm. or maybe
That much better? ♪
♪ If you wanted
You could make it all ♪
♪ Worth it. worth it
Worth it. worth it ♪
♪ Ooh. when I see The sun rise ♪
♪ You make it That much better ♪
♪ You're gonna make it all
Worth it. worth it ♪
♪ Worth it. worth it Ooh ♪
♪ Worth all of the time
I'm 'bout to give you. baby ♪
♪ So. I'm hopin' we gon'
Make it all ♪
♪ Worth it. worth it
Worth it. worth it ♪
♪ Ooh. give all of the time
I should be workin' on me ♪
♪ So. I'm hopin'
We gon' make it all ♪
♪ Worth it. worth it
Worth it. worth it ♪
♪ Mm. this is the night ♪
♪ So. even though
It's makin' me cry ♪
♪ I'm so lifted inside ♪
♪ Feelin' my body shiver ♪
-♪ In your moonlight ♪
-[door closes]
♪ I'm gon' have the time... ♪
Come here. Come on.
♪ ...presidential. ooh
Baby boy. you got so much... ♪
-Surprise.
-Goose.
What are you doing here?
I felt bad that
you were coming here alone.
so I moved some stuff around.
Honey. I'm so happy to see you.
But just so you know. when you
said you weren't coming.
I invited some friends over.
And they are
actually gonna be here
any minute.
Oh. I'm sorry.
-Um. I'll just go.
-No! No.
Have you eaten today?
Like a real meal.
Let me feed you. Yeah.
Come on!
[dramatic theme playing]
[camera shutter clicking]
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. my God.
oh. my God. oh. my God.
Shit. shit. shit.
[panting]
Okay.
[clears throat softly]
Oh. my God. Electra.
This is so funny.
-Brooke.
-Hey.
Eddie and I have a rental in
Sconset with the McCallisters!
Of course. yeah.
Do you know the McCallisters?
I-I think I've heard...
-You probably don't. No.
-Mm.
Love your new boobs.
You posted about them.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
They did a really good job.
you can barely tell
you breast fed.
I know. and I don't even have
to wear a bra.
Wow. They're up.
I know.
And they'll stay that way.
So. what are you doing
on the 'Tuck?
Hollis invited me.
Yeah. she's having
a girls' weekend
for some friends.
I didn't realize you two
were still close.
We are. We are so close.
Yeah. I lent her some of my
stockings for Matthew's funeral.
-She still has them.
-Gross.
Well. they were clean.
Like sisters practically.
-Right.
-You know?
It's so funny that Hollis
didn't reach out to me.
-[chuckles]
-[clears throat]
And how is Hazel doing
with her first year
at community college?
She's doing great.
-Thriving. really.
-Is she?
Still doing OnlyFans
as a side hustle
and she's working
on interior landscaping.
-Okay. Wow.
-We're very proud of her.
Okay. well. so good to see you.
-Brooke. Wait. Mama.
-Yeah?
Listen.
whatever happened between us.
it's all in the past.
Well. you ruined my life. so...
Right. but we can get past it
because we're adults.
-Right.
-Let me buy you a drink.
Um...
I should probably pace myself.
-Cocktails before dinner.
-Is that the itinerary?
-Oh. no. sorry.
-Ooh!
Oh. can I have my phone back?
-She got a table at Cru?
-Did you just...?
-There we go. Have it.
-Delete that.
Think about that drink. okay?
-Okay. will you delete that?
-Okay.
Shoot.
Oh. no. No. no. no.
Mmm.
[light theme playing]
[sighs]
So. who else
is coming to this thing?
Tatum. Dru-Ann.
Brooke Kirtley...
Wait. Dru's coming?
-What. like. to hide?
-To hide? From what?
I'll let her fill you in
on that. Who else?
Oh. one of my followers. actually.
Mom. you invited some ran do
from the internet?
You're all gonna wake up
with your kidneys missing.
No. no. she's not gonna harvest
our organs. she's British.
So. this whole thing is some
Hungry with Hollis brand event?
No! What. no. I...
Just trying to move forward.
Oh.
And Chelsea wants me
to get a couple pictures.
-Of course she does.
-It can be both.
-[Henry barking]
-Dru-Ann: Anybody home?
-You're here!
-Dru-Ann [laughs]: Hi!
Oh!
-It's so good to see you.
-You too.
-[gasps] My Godbaby? What?
-I know.
Oh. Caroline. Come here. Oh!
Oh. wait.
Is being canceled contagious?
Okay. you know what? You better
get the fuck outta here
with that. All right?
-What... Wait. wait. Canceled?
-No. no. no.
The internet is just.
they're mad at me
for something I said
about Posey.
but. uh. it's gonna pass.
It's fine.
Yeah. Now. I didn't know
you were gonna be here.
Actually.
I think I'm gonna head back.
Just let you girls do
whatever this thing is.
No. please. stay.
Dru-Ann: Yeah. come on. baby.
-you should stay.
-Yeah.
Maybe you could
take some pictures.
Hollis: Oh. I love that idea.
You could use my nice camera.
Or the Polaroid
Dad got you for graduation.
I'm pretty sure
it's still in your room.
And you know
you could use a hobby.
Why? Why could you use a hobby?
Just.
school's been a lot lately.
-That's all.
-[car horn honking]
Someone's here.
-[sighs] Stop.
-Hollis: Come on. everybody.
Come on.
All right.
-[Laufey's "Lover Girl" playing]
-Oh.
It's Brooke. you remember her.
-Oh...
-Dru-Ann: Uh-oh. She got
-one of those big-ass hats.
-Shit.
Hollis: Stop it.
Is this
a Make-A-Wish type situation?
-Be nice.
-That is the only logical...
-No!
-explanation here.
I...
No. no. no. let me get it. Okay?
Please. let me get her.
-Please. I promise...
-Dru-Ann...
["Lover Girl" continues playing]
Okay.
[softly]
Wait. I'm gonna be good.
-[sighs]
-[doorbell rings]
Hi. I'm Brooke.
What are you doing? That's rude.
-[whispers indistinctly]
-Get her.
Are you here for the orgy?
Oh. yeah. my. um...
my suitcase is full
of vibrators and latex gloves.
I have one really.
really big one.
but I don't know where it goes.
Okay. Mom Friend.
Okay. okay.
That's it. you're fired.
-Excuse me.
-Oh! Hollis.
-Excuse me. Hi.
-Hi.
-Hi. Oh. my gosh.
-I'm so happy you're here.
Let me help you. Unh!
Thank you so much
for inviting me.
Oh. wow.
I brought you a gift.
-It's a candle.
-I'll light it right away.
Yeah. Okay.
Gosh. everything's so pretty.
[gasps]
Look at this cheese. Oh. my God.
Sorry. I'm just so excited.
[gasps] Caroline!
Oh. wow!
You're a person now. Ugh!
You are so cool.
I can't take it.
[sighs]
Yes. This is an outside hat.
you're right.
[chuckles softly]
[horn honks]
Ooh!
[radio playing indistinctly]
Dru.
Look. look. look.
-Holy shit. Is that...?
-Jack!
-It's Jack.
-Oh. my...
Tatum: Always something.
Jack [sighs]: Here we go.
-Hey. Holly.
-Hey. Jack.
Tatum: Sorry I'm late.
Kyle needed the truck.
Aubrey needed the car.
and so I had to hitch a ride
with this guy.
-You remember this guy?
-I remember this guy.
She didn't tell me
where we were going.
she just said she needed a ride.
What are you doing?
Are you gonna hug her?
You weirdos.
[dramatic theme playing]
Who is that and why is my mom
in a Nicholas Sparks' movie
with him?
Dru-Ann: Oh. that's Jack.
Your mom's first smackdown.
Ew.
[stammers] Boyfriend. sorry.
So. are you back on island?
No. just for the weekend.
Come to check
on my aunt's house.
-You smell the same.
-Um...
-I smelled you. sorry.
-Well. you know. still me.
Yeah.
I. uh...
I'm so sorry about your husband.
-I...
-Thank you.
It's so weird.
[upbeat theme playing]
[sighs]
I should go. I have guests.
I have a girls' thing.
a thing for girls. Women. Women.
Yeah. I heard.
-[sighs] Yeah. Well. it's...
-It's good to see you.
Yeah.
Thanks for the lift.
Anytime. sweetheart.
-I hate you.
-[laughs] You're welcome.
Tatum: Mmm!
I forgot how hard you hug.
I forgot how weak and brittle
these bones are.
They are not! I'm actually
quite densely-boned.
-My doctor said so.
-Tatum: Okay.
[radio playing indistinctly]
Quit staring.
Oh. and here's Michael when he
was doing Habitat for Humanity
in Guatemala
on his spring break.
Oh! Here is a lady bug
that I saw on my walk last week.
Oh. and here's
when we were in Chicago.
Oh. this is...
This is before I got bangs.
I got bangs. For this.
I got. I got bangs.
Wow. okay. This is
a really bad picture of me.
[laughs] I've actually
lost six pounds since then.
not that you can tell. I'm
practicing "intuitive eating"
which is basically.
you really honor your hunger
and you let yourself
feel your fullness.
[Brooke clicks tongue]
Have I been the only one talking
for a long time?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-I'm sorry.
It's okay. we're just gonna
need a safe word with you.
For when I talk too much?
I love it. Caw-caw!
-Fuck.
-The safe word.
Hollis: Hey. guys.
Tatum's here.
Brooke: Yay!
Tatum!
[door closes]
Hi!
-Hi!
-Oh. my gosh.
Hollis: Childhood best friend.
college best friend.
-Yes. Hi.
-Hi.
-Now. how long has it been?
-Oh. since Hollis' wedding.
-Oh. wow. that was...
-Hollis: Ages. ages.
-Yeah. a million years ago.
-24 years.
Great shoes. wow.
-Can you walk in those?
-Yeah.
Yeah. actually.
I'm so used to them.
-Mm-hm.
-My gosh. I love your hair.
-Did you get a blowout for this?
-No.
Um...
-I come bearing booze.
-Oh! Thank you!
-Oh. wait. wait. wait.
-Oh. it's okay.
Oh. I just didn't think
you wanted the price tag.
Well. it's a good bottle.
-it's not cheap.
-Thank you.
I wasn't saying
that it was cheap.
No. that's exactly
what you were saying.
Everybody's here!
Yay. And Caroline too.
Should we get them
to sign some consent forms?
She's gonna take some pictures
this weekend.
-Does anyone mind?
-No.
-No. I don't.
-Yeah. I mind.
It's just a few photos. Dig in.
I forgot to put out the jam.
Oh. my gosh.
It's perfect with the cheddar.
so hang on.
don't touch the cheddar.
Be right back.
Aren't we missing someone? Gigi?
Mm. She's out getting
her murderer knives sharpened.
-Okay. who's Gigi?
-Yeah. I need to know more.
She's one of Hollis' followers.
It was in the welcome email.
Did you guys not read the email?
Tatum: Uh. nope. Sure didn't.
Hollis:
She's my internet friend.
-From my work phase of life.
-Dru-Ann: Mm.
-Here we go.
-So. is she coming or no?
Well. she said she was.
Let's see if I've heard...
Hm.
That's weird.
She hasn't messaged me.
Anybody wanna see their room?
-Me.
-Great.
And I'm full.
Hm.
Brooke [sighs]: Oh. wow.
Tatum: Just a casual tour
of the grounds.
Hollis: Here's the part
Tatum will remember.
Brooke: Okay. so you
and your dad lived here.
Then you built another.
bigger house on the lot
and now turned this
into the guesthouse?
-Hollis: Yeah.
-That is so Shakespearean.
-How is it Shakespearean?
-No. I mean. not Shakespearean.
Hollis:
Well. the staircase is original.
I opened up the kitchen
if you remember.
there was the wall here.
Remember?
Yeah. I puked on that wall
in high school.
-Oh. right. So gross.
-Peach wine coolers and Funyuns.
-RIP wall.
-Ooh...
-I'm gonna see y'all on Monday.
-Yeah. You're welcome.
So. Dru-Ann gets
a whole house to herself?
That's because you are in
the main house next to me.
Ah...
Oh. yeah. That's nice.
-Okay. bye-bye. I live here now.
-Okay. Bye. Great.
-You're in the game room.
-The game room.
Like. um... like for children?
Yeah. Fun. Heh-heh. Fun.
-She's a lot.
-I know. It's okay.
So I had you in Caroline's room.
I had to shuffle
some things around.
but the pull-out
is very comfortable.
Oh. no. I love a pull-out.
I love it.
[chuckles]
You know. I'm just gonna.
I'm just gonna stay in here
and play "Guess Who?" by myself.
Okay. good. Good.
Hey. Hollis. Um. can I just say.
I am so honored that
you invited me on this weekend.
I know we mostly knew
each other through our kids.
Oh. my gosh. you're sweet.
I really appreciate you.
our friendship.
I appreciate everything
you've done for me.
especially when all that stuff
was happening with Electra.
you know?
I'm gonna get to work on dinner.
-Okay. good. You're good?
-Yeah. Okay.
Oh. my God.
[upbeat theme playing]
So how you know
they're oystercatchers.
or Haematopus palliates.
-are the big orange bills.
-Oh. God.
And they use those bills
to crack open the oyster shell.
but every once in a while.
they mess with the wrong oyster.
-Caroline: Oh. no.
-And the oyster will actually
clamp down on the bill
and hold it there.
-until the tide comes in...
-[sobbing]
and the bird drowns.
-Caroline: Dad!
-Yeah.
So how you know
they're oystercatchers.
or Haematopus palliates.
-are the big orange bills.
-Oh. God.
Okay. do we like this dress?
What do you think?
Too much? Not enough?
Yeah. you look smoking.
Hey. I miss you.
Do you really have
to stay there all weekend?
I'll be back
in three days. okay?
I gotta go.
It's time for dinner.
-I love you.
-Wait. wait.
Call me when it's bedtime.
I just...
Oh. my God. No. No. no. no.
Oh. God.
Tatum: Cheese!
-[camera whirring]
-[light. upbeat theme playing]
-[Dru-Ann sighs]
-This... That's nice.
-Everything looks so delicious.
-Oh. good.
-Yeah. very.
-Good.
-Hope it tastes okay.
-[phone chimes]
-Feast with your eyes.
-Ugh!
Sorry. I'm just... I have
a client with a PR crisis.
Posey doesn't have a PR crisis.
you do.
What? You do.
So. what does agenting entail. exactly?
Do you just shout "show me the
money" at people all day long?
I mean. it is money. yes.
but contracts. endorsements.
I'm also nurturing talent.
Now. how about you?
Last I heard. you were working
at your parents' dry cleaners?
Yeah. I actually own
the dry cleaners now.
Mm.
So. when did you and Gigi
get so close?
Um... After Matthew died.
[Caroline sighs]
You need something?
You forgot to get me
a wine glass.
Oh. sorry. hey. you can have...
Yeah. Gigi and I.
we just connected.
She reached out to me.
I really needed
someone to talk to.
I reached out to you
so many times.
-you didn't even respond.
-So did I.
I-I drove you home
from the hospital.
I know. I... I am sorry.
It was easier
to talk to a stranger.
I shut you out. I know.
I'm sorry.
Hold on. you've met this woman.
though. right?
-Not exactly.
-Hollis. please tell me
-you at least Googled her.
-Of course I Googled her!
-Okay.
-There's not a lot there. but...
-She's a ghost.
-God. Mom.
Mm.
Woman [British accent]: Hello?
[Hollis gasps]
Gigi.
[cutlery clinking]
Hollis:
I'm so glad you're enjoying it.
It's my dream for you all
to be sitting here.
-Gigi: Did you make it all today?
-Hollis: No. no.
it's been over
the last couple of days.
So good.
[laughter. indistinct chatter]
Gigi.
I love your little necklaces.
-Oh. it's actually one necklace.
-No!
Oh. wow.
[mutters]
So. Wellesley friend.
college friend. sister?
Oh. no. no. they're not.
they're not really sisters.
Well. kinda.
Tatum's mom basically raised me
after my mom died.
So. yeah. sisters.
-That's right. sis.
-Gigi: Aw. I love that.
So. tomorrow. we're gonna do
a little shopping in town.
-we're gonna try out a new spa.
-Brooke: Spa.
And then we have a very
special dinner out at Cru.
Wait. are we gonna be swarmed
by Hollibabes the whole time?
-What the fuck is a Hollibabe?
-Her fans have named themselves.
No. no. no. this weekend
is just for us.
[chuckling]
No one is gonna bother us.
So. then why am I
taking pictures?
Well. so I can do
a little post on Monday
because Chelsea says it's time
for me to get back to work.
-Dru-Ann: Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
-Brooke: Yes. it is.
Tatum: That makes sense.
So. um. internet friend.
[chuckling]
What do you do?
Oh. I mostly stalk influencers
to try and get invites
to their summer homes.
-[chuckling]
-She's a pilot for Delta.
-Pilot?
-That is so freaking cool.
-You know. you'd kill on Raya.
-Ooh!
Just let me know
if you need a referral.
No. thank you. I. uh...
I'm currently doing the hot girl
thing of prioritizing my peace.
Hm... Do you mean masturbating?
[chuckling]
-Tatum: What?
-Tatum.
[indistinct chatter]
Well. let's get into it.
What kinda porn
does everybody watch?
Oh. pegging. All day.
-Oh. my gosh.
-What?
What even is that?
Okay. my daughter's here. we
don't need to talk about porn.
I don't know.
I'm more traditional.
I like a classic girl-meets-boy.
boy-has-boner story.
Kyle and I like a light plot.
you know. for inspo.
-Ooh. like Pinterest.
-Exactly.
-And what about you?
-Me?
[stammers]
[chuckles]
Charlie and I don't...
Well. well. we have sex.
we just don't watch...
Well. you tell him
what you like. though. right?
No.
Tatum: Hmm.
Does anyone need more bread?
And what about you. Holly?
You haven't answered
the question.
Yeah. Mom. do you watch porn?
Caroline. you can stop that.
Ask me. Caroline.
You asked me to document.
I'm documenting.
Yeah. but this isn't the kind
of content I'm looking for.
so put the camera away.
-This is such bullshit.
-Tatum: Whoa. come on.
-Caroline.
-No. you care more
about your followers
than you do about anything real!
-That's not true.
-Enjoy your.
-your Golden Girls weekend.
-Golden Girls. wow?
-So disrespectful. Jesus.
-Caroline: Okay. no offense.
-You all look amazing.
-Brooke: Thank you.
Whatever you guys are doing.
keep doing it.
Well.
-I'm sorry.
-Gigi: No. it's not your fault.
[door closes]
Dorothy and Blanche
were actually in their 50s
when they shot that.
Shut your mouth right now.
Yeah.
I'm gonna. ahem.
check on dessert.
excuse me.
Well. this weekend's
gonna be a hoot.
I'm going for a smoke.
Do you guys wanna
exchange numbers?
Caw-caw. Brooke.
Thank you so much.
[beeping]
[gasps]
Damn it.
Shit.
[breathing deeply]
[melancholy theme playing]
[timer beeping]
Officer: Your husband.
Matthew. was in an accident.
Sorry. I was in a zone.
The Hungry with Hollis zone.
[sobbing]
Matthew.
I've always supported you
and I finally have something...
-Honey. I support you.
-for myself.
Love you.
Love you. Matthew.
Don't... Don't go.
[timer beeping]
[heart monitor beeping]
Gigi: Hollis?
Are you okay?
Hey.
-I burned the tart.
-It's okay.
I forgot to turn down the oven
after I roasted the asparagus.
Personally. I'd still
eat the hell outta that.
[Hollis sighs]
This was a mistake.
I am not ready.
Everyone is here
and I just wanna run away.
My daughter hates me.
Well. she shouldn't.
She thinks I'm not hurting.
But I can't ask my kid
to understand
what I'm feeling right now.
It's too complicated.
How is it complicated?
Matthew and I...
We weren't in a great place.
And it's all I can think about.
is how we left things.
I can't put that on Caroline.
I just wanna let her
love the dad that she knew.
Sorry. I. um...
I will not be like this
all weekend. I can promise.
If at first you don't succeed.
Come on.
Could you grab some more
blackberries for me. please?
-Out of the refrigerator?
-Sure.
[pans clattering]
Can you excuse me for a minute?
Yeah.
[dramatic theme playing]
[shuddering]
[phone unlocks]
[recorded]
Hi. my love. It's me. Matthew.
You're probably already
at the hotel.
I'm heading to the airport.
Hi. my love. It's me. Matthew.
You're probably already
at the hotel.
Hi. my love. It's me. Matthew.
You're probably already
at the hotel.
I'm heading to the airport.
Hi. my love. It's me. Matthew.
You're probably already
at the hotel.
I'm heading to the airport.
Hi. my love. It's me. Matthew.
[upbeat theme playing]
-[dramatic sting plays]
-Gigi: I don't wanna be someone
who falls for a married man.
[ocean waves lapping]
-What are you doing?
-[gasps]
-[dramatic theme playing]
-Jack: So. how's she doing?
I don't know. We're not close
like we were before she left.
-Are you still mad about that?
-We were like family.
You're supposed to
hold grudges against family.
I love you. Hollis. but you
make everything sunny and happy
so that you don't actually
have to deal with anything.
-I'm sorry. This is how I deal.
-Dr. Ramiro: I'm just calling
to discuss the results
of your biopsy.
I like my life... I love it.
It's pro baby
too late now anyway.
Too late for what?
-[giggling] I had a very big crush on you.
-Really?
Are you hitting on my friend?
Dru-Ann: What's your husband do?
He's actually involved
in a lawsuit right now.
Like. I can't just completely
change my life. can I?
This is not death.
This is rebirth.
God. you're good at this.
You should have a podcast.
[laughter]
Tatum: Your best friends
in the world are here.
Come and have
a real Nantucket moment with us.
[laughs] Okay. you got me.
-All: Cheers!
-[laughing. cheering]
-[Tatum & Hollis whooping]
-[Hollis laughs]
[dramatic theme swells]
Hollis: What do you want. Jack?
Same thing I've always wanted.
I swear I have seen you
somewhere before.
Why were you with my dad?
Gigi: It's just gone too far.
I'm telling her tonight.
[dramatic theme playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm